[Music]
hi Alfie whicker's here to give you some
top tips on homeschooling time
management this is crucial
10 subjects it's a lot to juggle say my
advice ditch one geography interlocking
Spurs gullies I mean do you now many
times have been asked about those in my
life once the dears at my GCSE no one is
ever going to make you draw an oxbow
lake also whilst we're on it maths you
know there's another one that you know
it's just a bit up itself
we've got calculators so maybe get rid
of that one as well
then you've only got seven subjects
eight eight subjects for our next top
tip we can go live to the headmaster of
Abbey Grove school mr. Fraser what up G
you caved finally decided to join me for
the fortnight fortnight what no the
chetori Fraser did you not get my email
about this nope ever since the
governor's took me on gardening leave
again I've been gaming so hard I dream
in third person
Fraser have you seen the news oh my god
I'm so sorry Kenny Rogers is dead no
read the headlines Fraser global
pandemic Martha mother of Batman I need
to wash my hands immediately Oh
so for our next top tip we're gonna be
talking PE and here to give us some very
special advice we have a very special
guest it's none other than mr. Anthony
Joshua AJ oh the girl my friend Hey so
pleased you could join us
Oh God not you again I've just spent a
thousand pounds on pot noodles what a
funky pigeon calm P have you got a
permit for those guns dance yeah they
didn't call me a Quadzilla for nothing
what Zilla yeah quads are actually in
your thighs not your bicep AJ look your
advice on keeping fit in the home
burpees press-ups tuck jump skipping
skipping
what we've done with the real AJ
skipping yeah
then we could put our hair into pigtails
and watch some Hannah Montana are you
talking about all boxes skip AJ the only
thing we skip is rest day am i right
you are not right forget skipping AJ I
think what the nation really wants us to
show them is how to bench press okay
there that is looking like a long wait
AJ you may like to float like a
butterfly I prefer to sting like a bee
just take your tire care your time I
really don't think this is a good idea
front row seats how much are you worried
how many reps should we do ten twenty
just try one okay one rep max take your
time please get him ready to rumble with
the chat whoa push push push push push
push push push
are you isolate by yourself yeah yeah
that was quite Zenon come on you want me
to quit you an ambulance
yes please okay but just fill it you
know the NHS are quite busy right now
no AJ believe me just bear with me okay
[Music]
help
hope that was created as part of the big
nae n we hope you enjoyed it we also
hope that if you possibly can you can
follow the link and make a donation
right now up and down the United Kingdom
charities are providing urgent help to
people who really need it most so she
got a couple of quid bung it in please
help
thank you